Our project is oriented towards the development and implementation of a digital twin in the manufacturing process,
especially for the validation
of the smoking processes of sausages.
and other cured meat products.
So one of the main challenges is
the variability of the production and also food safety control.
With our solution, the microbiological control
is better controlled.
Our system allows predicting how many days
are needed for the product to be ready
and safe and free from the risk of microbiological contamination.
Another challenge is the traceability of the product
through the whole smoking process.
We have developed several innovations.
One of the main innovations is the approach
because it's the first known case of application of a
digital twin to our traditional food processing.
Also at a technological and research level,
we have developed machine-learning models
to correlate environmental parameters to
critical control points within our process.
We are applying these models and algorithms
to other processes.
S3FOOD enabled us to perform all these research activities.
As we are a company, if we don't have funding,
we're not able to make research.
So, funding is essential for us to develop new products.
The next step beyond this project,
we want to install a program on CO2 and CO2 sensors
to monitor the fire consumption and smoke production.
It will give us more reliability about the process.
and also to install and program sensors for weight monitoring,
to have a more precise idea about how the process is going
and make more reliable predictions.
We are now taking this knowledge we have acquired
with this project
- all the knowledge and advice we have had along the way –
and we are applying it to other projects
related to digital twins and digitalization